[rain pounding]
[grunts] Kizuna,
hurry and send us
back over there!
Calm down, Naofumi.
That’s just what
that Kyo guy wants us to do.
Who cares?! I’d rather
fall for whatever trap
he’s got waiting for us
than leave Raphtalia there
to fight for herself!
[sighs]
[gasps] I can’t.
That means they must have
shut it off from the other side.
[groans] Of course he did,
that piece of shit.
- [gasps]
- What do we do now?
Look, Naofumi,
I know someone here
who has a real talent
for finding people.
If we ask him for help,
I’m sure he’ll find her,
so calm down, okay?
- [man] Dame Kizuna?
- Huh?
Oh! It really is Dame Kizuna!
[both panting]
[whimpers]
No need to worry.
These guys are from Sikul,
so they’re on our side.
I’m overjoyed
to welcome you back home.
Good to be back.
Hmm?
Sorry, but I need
a favor from you.
Can you see
if Ethnobalt is around?
[music playing]
- [lizard squawking]
- [animals growling]
[man] Quit struggling,
and come on!
Stop! I don’t wanna go!
Let go of me, please!
[man growls]
Thanks to all
this damn rain we’ve had,
my customers
have been driven away.
[whimpers]
[energy surges]
[chuckles]
[chirping]
Quit your yappin’!
Lucky for me
I found a mutant like you
who’s gonna make me
a lot of money tomorrow!
[chuckles]
[chirps]
[birds chirping]
[nobleman] Then it’s true!
They really did capture
our nation’s Cardinal Hero
and lock her up
in the Infinite Labyrinth!
This is an unforgivable act!
I can guarantee Mikakage
will be hearing from us!
[Kizuna] Yeah, you guys
go ahead and do that.
Escaping from
the Infinite Labyrinth
is thought to be impossible.
How were you able to do it?
With help!
It’s all thanks to them
I escaped.
- Oh!
- It all makes perfect sense.
You went out of your way to save
our country’s Cardinal Hero.
We can’t thank
the two of you enough.
Wait, what?
Oh, it was nothing, really.
Seriously! [laughs]
- You can call her Rishia.
- [chuckles]
And his name
is Naofumi Iwatani!
And get this.
He’s a Cardinal Hero,
- just like me!
- [crowd exclaims]
Except he’s from another world.
[both gasp]
[uneasy music playing]
[crowd grumbling]
Was it something that I said?
Dame Kizuna, distance yourself
from that vile man.
Call the guards at once!
The only reason he’s come here
is to destroy our world.
You think Naofumi’s here
to destroy our world?
[Rishia] Huh?
[growls]
That doesn’t make any sense!
How can you say such a thing
after he saved my life?
If not for him,
I would have died there.
[Naofumi groans]
Where are you going?
Naofumi, wait!
Oh? and where do you
think you’re going?
[gentle music playing]
[Kizuna] Hey, Ethnobalt!
It’s been quite some time,
Kizuna.
I feel like
I spent the entire day
trying to get ahold of you,
but I’m too slow
and keep missing you.
And who the hell are you?
[chuckles] I take it
you’re the Cardinal Hero
that’s from another world.
You wanted me to find someone
for you. Is that right?
[gasps]
Pleased to meet you.
I am Ethnobalt,
wielder of
the Boat Vassal Weapon.
Kizuna, take this
if you will, please.
It’s no exaggeration to say
that he missed you quite a lot.
[Kizuna laughs] Thank you!
I can’t believe that you
held on to him for me!
Of course.
However, it was Glass
that was keeping him at first,
but she has been
rather busy lately.
[energy warbling]
[squeaks]
Oh, Chris!
[squeaking]
I’m so happy to see you,
I could explode!
S-Sorry, Kizuna...
but what is that?
Eh? Oh, this little guy?
Allow me to introduce you
to my shikigami, Chris.
[squeals]
A shiki... gami?
Yup. Glass and I are actually
the ones who made him.
Four days ago, Chris suddenly
started acting crazy.
Thinking back, that must
have been right around the time
you escaped from the Infinite
Labyrinth, wasn’t it?
Yeah.
Lucky for us, Chris will
tell us where Glass is too.
I see! Shikigami are good
at finding people!
Uh, hold on.
If Chris can only
help find Glass,
then how do we find
Raphtalia and Filo?
I guess we’ll
have to make Naofumi
a shikigami for himself.
[Naofumi gasps] But how?
Huh. Let’s see.
Well, first you’ll need
the blood of the owner
and then something to function
as a shikigami catalyst.
Something from Raphtalia,
maybe like...
A single strand
of her hair would work!
[Naofumi]
A strand of her hair?
I absorbed some in my shield.
Raphtalia’s hair...
This is it.
Oh, wow.
I guess he had some after all.
[Kizuna] All that’s left is
a bit of your blood, Naofumi.
Now the ritual to create
the shikigami shall begin.
[mysterious music playing]
Conjure something
to protect them,
something that can offer
them power
in their time of need.
A creation born from
a fragment of their magic
that serves as servant.
Let the one
who lives to protect be born!
[gasps] Could it possibly be...
D-Does this normally happen?
It does. It’s just happening
much faster than usual.
Who in the world
does this catalyst belong to?
I unlocked
the Shikigami Shield?
[squeals]
[gasps]
- [gasps]
- Huh?
[shikigami] Raph!
[Naofumi] This is a shikigami?
It sure is!
Nice work, Naofumi!
[Ethnobalt] You know,
for a moment there,
I was worried it wouldn’t work.
I’m glad to see
it panned out after all.
[shikigami] Hmm?
[grunts] Raphtalia?
You should be celebrating,
Naofumi!
Since the ritual worked,
that means the person
the catalyst
originally belonged to
is still alive
out there somewhere.
[gasps] So then that means--
That Raphtalia’s
safe and sound.
[sighs] What a relief.
[gasps]
The shikigami sure is cute, huh?
But there’s no telling for sure
just how long
Raphtalia will be safe,
which means we should
get a move on, you guys.
Yeah, I’m well aware of that.
But it’s not just Raphtalia.
There’s Filo too,
and we’re finding them,
no matter what,
- right?
- [Rishia] Right!
Your name is Ethnobalt,
isn’t it?
You didn’t have to do this,
but you did.
You have my thanks.
Well, then, I wish you
the best of luck
in your continued search
for your friend.
[sniffs] Hold on.
- Are you human?
- Eh?
[Kizuna] You could tell
just from sniffing him?
[chuckles]
You’re amazing, Naofumi.
To be honest,
I could tell something was off
from the start.
[gentle music playing]
[Naofumi] A rabbit?
Huh?
But he’s not just a rabbit!
He’s a descendant
of a species of monster
that have protected
this world for generations.
He’s a descendant of monsters
that protect this world?
So that’s what’s going on.
Well, this is
out of the ordinary.
You almost never reveal
your true form
in front of people
you only just met, Ethnobalt.
I can’t explain it,
but oddly enough,
it felt safe to do
in front of him.
Oh?
I’m beginning to think that
animals really like Naofumi.
[grunts]
Anyway, just because
you can make shikigami,
doesn’t make you good
at finding people,
unless I’m missing something.
He sure is blunt.
That might be true,
but it’s just who Naofumi is.
But of course I can do
much more than that.
Ethnobalt is actually the
Boat Vassal Weapon’s wielder.
His boat can take us to
the person you’re looking for.
You can’t use
the Return Dragon Vein again?
If the place
we were trying to go to
wasn’t totally locked off,
I could.
But his skill
is way cooler than that!
How? It’s just a ship, isn’t it?
All right,
let’s go someplace else
so I can show you.
[Rishia gasps]
Th-That boat
is floating in midair!
You mean the "boat" was
that thing he was standing on?
[shikigami] Raph!
Where is Raphtalia being kept?
Raph?
Don’t tell me
you’re not going to give it
a name, Naofumi.
A name?
I mean, sure, eventually.
Now tell me
where Raphtalia’s being kept.
Just give it a name,
for crying out loud.
And ask nicely.
Hey, Chris,
do you know where Glass is?
[trills]
Raph.
Huh? Does that mean...
That they’re somehow
located in the same place?
- [Ethnobalt] That’s not good.
- [gasps]
[Naofumi] And why is that?
They’re in Raybul,
who are allied with Mikakage,
the ones that locked me
in the Infinite Labyrinth.
To give you an idea
of what it’s like over there,
that jerk Kazuki is from Raybul.
So it’s an enemy country?
You seem to have
an awful lot of those.
It’s not like it’s my fault.
Practically the whole world has
been on edge for some time now.
I mean, a war could break out
at any given moment.
If Raphtalia and Glass
are still in Raybul,
then that means...
That it’s likely
they’ve both been captured.
Even if it’s a trap,
we have to go.
I hope by some chance
Filo is there too.
I’ll shall begin
warping the ship, then.
So you can use portals
to travel?
We’re riding
along the connections
between dragon hourglasses.
It’s not a portal,
but it might be better.
It is for us,
since we don’t have to first
register with the hourglass
or be transported
right in front of it.
I see how it’d be dangerous
if the hourglass were right
inside their headquarters.
Seems like a major improvement
over Return Dragon Vein.
[chuckles]
While it’s a useful ability,
I’m afraid that it’s
all I can do.
Are you kidding me?
That’s more than enough.
I told you that Ethnobalt
would be able
to help us find her.
[chuckles]
Waiting for your return
was worth it in every way.
I can finally be of use to you.
[man] Wow! I’ve never
seen anything like that!
Open those wings, you brat!
- Do it!
- [whip cracks]
[whimpers]
[crowd murmuring]
[crying]
Now put on a show, and sing!
Sing, goddamn it!
If you’re out there,
Master, please help!
[birds chirping]
[Kizuna] If we showed up
in the sky above them,
we’d stick out
like a sore thumb,
so we’ll land outside the town
and sneak our way in.
Just say the word,
and I’ll return!
- [both laugh]
- Stay safe, and good luck!
[street chatter]
Besides being a bit more modern,
it looks just like Mikakage.
Looks like the sun
is starting to set.
What should we do? It’s not
like we can stay at an inn.
We know what direction she’s in.
I say we just walk all night.
The faster we get there,
the better!
I’ll do my best to stay up!
Oh, wait. Hey, what was
all that nonsense back there
about Naofumi
destroying the world?
I don’t know what the people at
the castle were talking about.
I meant to ask
Ethnobalt about it
while we were back there,
but I forgot.
He also mentioned that Glass
was busy with something.
[gasps]
I never asked,
but what was she doing
in your world, Naofumi?
What’s the matter?
[grunts]
I can hear it.
Huh?
[panting]
Hey, where are you going?
[Rishia]
That’s the wrong way, Naofumi!
[sighs]
[ominous music playing]
[panting]
[thinking]
It’s not Raphtalia’s...
but that voice...
[gasps]
No way. Could it be?
[running footsteps]
[crowd murmurs]
[panting]
What has gotten into you
all of a sudden?
Behold the celestial maiden
from the heavens!
We’re wrapping up shop
for today, ladies and gentlemen,
but make sure to stop on by
to see her tomorrow!
The celestial maiden?
What is going on here?
Celestial maiden
from the heavens?
[Rishia] Oh, no.
[Filo] Get off of me!
Somebody, please help!
Rishia, Raphtalia,
where are you?!
[man] It makes me
sick to my stomach.
[man 2] I know what you mean.
[Filo] I’m begging you!
- Master, please!
- That’s enough out of you!
- Take her away at once!
- [chain clinks]
[man 3] Is that really singing?
I don’t know
what she’s saying,
but it sounds to me
like she’s crying.
[man 4] I feel bad for her,
to be honest.
Filo.
Filo!
No! Naofumi, stop!
Causing a fuss here will
only get us captured again!
Let go. I’m going to kill him
where he stands.
I want that too,
but we can’t do it here.
It’ll cause
too much of a scene!
If we wait for night to fall,
we can sneak in and save her!
You’re being way too loud.
I don’t think anyone here can
understand what she’s saying,
but we have to be careful.
You’re right.
We need to get Filo back safe.
If we get captured, there’s
no getting her out of there.
[wind blowing]
Do you think it’s possible
that this is another one
of Kyo’s traps?
I don’t give a shit if it is.
I’m sick of this.
We can torture that guy
until he tells us the truth
about everything.
At least tell us
you’re gonna question him.
Is there really
that much of a difference?
Well, no. It’s just that...
Let’s go.
When they get intense,
those two are kinda scary.
[animals grunting]
[sighs] It feels like
breaking and entering
has become
a new hobby of mine.
It’s not like the laws here
mean anything to us.
Filo, it’s us.
Where are you, Filo?
[chirping]
[Rishia] Birds?
[birds chirping, trilling]
- [chirps]
- [both gasp]
[Kizuna]
That’s a humming fairy chick.
They’re bird monsters
said to be able to sing.
Whatever it is, it doesn’t
look like it’s a filolial.
Let’s look somewhere else.
No. It’s Filo!
[chirping]
[laughs]
But it’s not a filolial.
It’s you, isn’t it, Filo?
It has to be you!
[chirping]
You really think it’s Filo?
What’s wrong?
How come you can’t transform?
[Rishia] It looks like
there’s talismans on the cage!
They’re servant talismans.
That’s strange. You usually just
put one on the monster itself.
He must have put them
on the cage too,
in order to keep
her monster crest from working!
How cruel!
[chirps]
Kizuna, Do you think
you can cut open the cage?
Of course I can, but I
have no idea what’ll happen
if I destroy
all those talismans.
If I can use
the monster crest...
Filo, hang in there
just a little longer!
[squawks]
Now, Kizuna!
I’m on it!
I knew you would come, Master!
[crying]
You’re okay.
Thank goodness. What a relief.
But I don’t get it.
How were you able to tell
that humming fairy was her?
How could I ever mistake
my dear companion
- for anything else?
- [door slides]
Who’s causing all this ruckus?
Oh, I get it.
A bunch of lowlife criminals
broke in trying to steal
my golden goose, huh?
You think
we’re the criminals here?
I ought
to teach you some manners!
[shield shrieks]
[groans]
[gasps]
- [laughter]
- Sing!
Get moving!
[screams]
Sing for us!
[screaming]
[wind blowing]
[Kizuna] That shield’s power
is simply amazing.
Raph.
Speaking of which,
that shield kind of broke him
after he confessed everything.
It broke his mind, I mean.
It’s a bit underwhelming that he
was just the son of a noble
making a little money
off a sideshow.
But he did mention that his dad
was the person
who came across Filo
when she was
completely unconscious.
If so, then it may have been
Kyo who gave her to his father.
[sighs] That guy was
a total scumbag, huh?
How could he do that to
a cute little crybaby like her?
[laughs] Believe it or not,
Filo’s normally full of energy
and almost never cries.
Really?
Well, here’s a question.
If she’s what you
called a filolial,
then why did she become
a humming fairy in this world?
[Naofumi] If filolial
don’t exist in this world,
she may have been assigned
a similar race
to make up for it.
But she can still transform
into a human.
I’m guessing that means
she must have a unique power
as a future filolial queen.
Raph.
[both chuckle]
[peaceful music playing]
Master, are you awake?
What is it, Filo?
You’re not going to disappear
like that ever again, are you?
[gasps]
[no audible dialogue]
Never. The two of you
are stuck with me forever.
[chuckles]
[footsteps shuffling]
Raph!
Back off!
Master was my master first,
which means he’s mine!
She seems to be
feeling a lot better,
but now she’s
not leaving Naofumi’s side.
She must have
been really scared back there.
Hey, Master, who is this
riding on your shoulder?
Because whoever it is smells
a whole lot like Raphtalia.
It’s a shikigami
made from Raphtalia’s hair,
and It’s been traveling
with us since yesterday.
Oh?
You could be Raphie!
[all] Raphie?
Raph.
- Raph!
- Well, I guess that’s its way
of approving the new name.
Hi! I haven’t
introduced myself yet.
My name’s Kizuna Kazayama,
and this is my shikigami Chris!
[squeaks]
Kizuna and Chris
are my new best friends!
She’s adorable.
I bet Filo’s a good girl,
isn’t she, Naofumi?
Maybe just start
as friends first.
Watch it, Naofumi.
[man] You’re not safe
anywhere these days.
- Huh?
- [crowd murmuring]
People might already be talking
about what happened yesterday,
so you have to hide, Filo.
[gasps]
Does it say anything important?
Yeah, it’s all about
how Filo was stolen.
From the looks of it,
the room was too dark
for them to make out
any description of us, though.
Lucky your bird form
is so small.
It also says...
[gasps] This one’s
about something different.
"Katana Vassal Weapon wielder...
was found,
but then somehow escaped."
The nation’s doing
everything it can to find them.
The Katana
Vassal Weapon Wielder?
But how is that important for--
[gasps] What the...
What’s wrong, Naofumi?
No. [gasps]
Raphtalia’s stats...
they disappeared!
- [Rishia gasps]
- [Filo chirps]
But why?
I don’t know.
Something felt wrong,
and then...
[gasps] No way.
You don’t think...
- that Kyo...
- Raph!
[Naofumi] But if this thing’s
still here, then...
Then that means Raphtalia
should still be safe!
[Naofumi]
Then why is the slave crest...
Raphtalia.
[wind blowing]
Hurry up, and get out of there!
Hurry, Master Naofumi.
[yelps]
[grumbles]
Eh? Come on!